All right. Report of the planning, land use and Zoning Committee. Please read the report. The report of the Planning Leninism Zoning Committee Agenda Item three Credit File 314 315. Application of 1511 Dexter Limited Partnership for approval of a resume of 16,234 square feet of property located at 1511 Dexter Avenue, north from neighborhood commercial three with a 40 foot height limit to neighborhood commercial three with a 65 foot height limit. The committee recommends that the full council grant the application. Councilmember Johnson. Thank you, Council President. This particular piece of property is a bellwether housing property. They've come to us and asked for a reason to neighborhood commercial 65 to build 45 units of affordable housing at folks earning between 30 and 50% of own median income. 26 units of affordable housing earning up to 60% of the area median income, so a total of 71 new affordable housing units. The corner of Dexter and Gayla Street, though they've asked for 65 feet, is part of this contract. Reason the building is only going to be built to 55. He hired to preserve some views and setbacks with unanimous support and approval from their neighbors and the committee. I proudly bring this thing this this application grant forward. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Are there any further comments? Please call the role on the passage of the bill. I'm sorry to clarify all those in favor of the clerk file vote. I I'm sorry. Okay. So we just have to file it. Earnings. Please bear with us. There's some legal language that we definitely need to read in order to approve the court file. Okay. She throws the favor of granting the petition. Please vote. I find those oppose vote no. The motion carries the petitions. Granted, the chair will sign the findings, conclusions and decisions of the City Council. Next agenda item. Police Exigent item, please. Agenda item four. Councilmember Joe Council Bill 118 750 relating to the planning and zoning amending Chapter 23.32, the Seattle Municipal Code at page 90 of the official land use map tourism property located at 1511 Dexter Avenue North from neighborhood commercial three Dash 42 Neighborhood Commercial three, dash 65 and accepting a property use and development agreement as condition of rezoning approval, the committee recommends the bill pass. Councilmember Johnson So. Again, this is about the same property, the council bill in front of us and that's the reason granted by the clerk filed by amending the official land use map and accepts the property use and development agreement, which requires the applicant to adhere to the conditions of the reason. Since the committee meeting we've received the executed property use development agreement. So I move the council substitute exhibit B executed property use and development agreement for the UN executed version included in the bill. Their second. All those in favor of Councilmember Johnson's motion to amend the Council bill by the substitution vote i. I opposed vote no. The ayes have it. Please proceed. Councilman Johnson. I believe we now just have the underlying bill in front of us. And I have no further remarks to make. Council President. Any further comments? Please call the roll call on the passage of the amended bill. Bagshaw Burgess. Gonzalez Herbold. High Johnson. Maurice O'Brien. President Harrell. I. Aden favor and unopposed. Bill passes and the chair will sign it. Please read the next gen item. Agenda item five Constable 118 675 relating to planning and zoning amending the official land use map to rezone land within the Lake City Urban Village and along Lake City Way and many subsection 23.40 78.005. C of the code to remove certain restrictions on street level, street facing residential uses and amending section 23.47 8.009 to adopt development standards